== Description ==
This template is used to insert descriptions on template pages.

== Syntax ==
Add <code><nowiki><noinclude></nowiki>{{t|documentation}}<nowiki></noinclude></nowiki></code> at the end of the template page.

Add <code><nowiki><noinclude></nowiki>{{t|documentation|documentation page}}<nowiki></noinclude></nowiki></code> to transclude an alternative page from the /doc subpage.

== Usage ==
=== On the Template page ===
This is the normal format when used:

<pre>
TEMPLATE CODE<includeonly>Any categories to be inserted into articles by the template</includeonly><noinclude>
{{documentation}}</noinclude>
</pre>

''If your template is not a completed div or table, you may need to close the tags just before <code><nowiki>{{documentation}}</nowiki></code> is inserted (within the noinclude tags).''

''A line break right before <code><nowiki>{{documentation}}</nowiki></code> can also be useful as it helps prevent the documentation template "running into" previous code.''

=== On the documentation page ===
The documentation page is usually located on the /doc subpage for a template, but a different page can be specified with the first parameter of the template (see [[#Syntax|Syntax]]).

Normally, you will want to write something like the following on the documentation page:

<pre>
== Description ==
This template is used to do something.

== Syntax ==
Type <code>{{t|templatename}}</code> somewhere.

== Samples ==
<code>&lt;nowiki>{{templatename|input}}&lt;/nowiki></code> 

results in...

{{templatename|input}}

<includeonly>Any categories for the template itself</includeonly><noinclude>[[Category:Template documentation|{{PAGENAME}}]]</noinclude>
</pre>

Use any or all of the above description/syntax/sample output sections. You may also want to add "see also" or other sections.

Note that the above example also uses the [[Template:T]] and [[Template:T/piece]] templates.

<includeonly>
[[Category:Templates|{{PAGENAME}}]]
[[Category:Template documentation]]
</includeonly><noinclude>
[[Category:Template documentation|{{PAGENAME}}]]
</noinclude>
